good morning guys now I will show you how
realized my strobe starting from a
simple tutorial the material
essential will be simple material
electronic that you can recover from
old components or even go to
buy maximum spending of 3 euros ray
maximum it will be necessary to build a base
similar to this then the other component
essential a led strip like
this can be retrieved for example
in stores that sell accessories
stick between cars or even on the internet
also these you pay on the 10 euros if it
they are also bigger and more
small with different colors these for
example groups and then finally the
container that this is the sanction
mind I found this then you
you can also use something else
to make it of wood for example or
plastic as you prefer is
then quite simple
just make two holes to be able to
place two potentiometers now
make the box I think it is
quite simple the led strip
simply mounted on a piece of
plastic to which they were then
connected two negative positive cables
feeding
I think it's time to concentrate
on the ticket
on the control circuit I purchase
now you can see the outline I have
made of the circuit
overall you see n 556 which is not
other than a pairing of 2 years and 5 5
5 in the sense that within one there is
they are two in the upper part yes
find the n that is dedicated to
power adjustment of the brightness
in the lower part instead is the
timer adjustment in quotes that
is what we notice as
slow down in the impulse
bright on the right side instead
we find the LEDs and the power amp
if you need clarifications you can always
a comment or message will happen to me
to make the electronic board
we will need two thousand cards
forio one ie look at the dimensions
they are very small
and electronic components which then them
I'll put a list to retrieve the
electronic components I have disassembled
old cards like this for example is
now proceed to disassemble this
components know here which is a
electrolytic capacitor from a micro
does the udc is necessary for the
working and I'll do it
I'll just show you how
we will need the soldering iron
if you have the pump sucks tin
what a useful advice
use it
if you can't do it even without it
it is first of all before proceeding
you need to understand what the component is from
desalle give in this case should
be this here or this one here it is
here should be this come on
in short, we try to see if
I can and solder this reference should be made
look has already done the two come off
feet and then you find a little move on
component to see if you can
unplug it if you don't have enough
simple anyway because it will be enough for you
simply take the soldering iron e
we had to pay in a short time we should
even manage to take it off
here is the soldier's component one
once you have prepared the ticket
control electronics does not remain that
install everything then take the
led strip with two cables
of the power supply and weld them
also like fencing at the circuit
electronic
then the two potentiometers installed in the
box 12 will have their respective
cables that these as from the screen ne
will be connected to the ticket of
command and finally does not remain that then from
close the whole inserted card
with
the connected wires remember to
prepare a hole for feeding
and all that remains is to close everything
so we have our social had
pushed gently into the
box which as you can see fits
perfectly few that falls here
we finished as you can see now
this wishing you could stop with
a little glue we will have our cables
of power the enhancements of
adjustment if you want you can install yourself
also of the knobs p